The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2018-2022 Ivan Kryvoruchko

Installation instructions are based on the [@martijnvermaat
post](https://gist.github.com/martijnvermaat/76f2e24d0239470dd71050358b4d5134#partitioning),
[ArchLinux
wiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Dm-crypt/Encrypting_an_entire_system#LUKS_on_a_partition)
and [NixOS manual](https://nixos.org/nixos/manual/).

NixOS deploy script and some of the configs are based on the Henrik Lissner's
[dotfiles](https://github.com/hlissner/dotfiles) which are licensed under the MIT
license (Copyright (c) 2016-2020 Henrik Lissner).

[Doom Emacs](https://github.com/hlissner/doom-emacs) is licensed under the MIT
license (Copyright (c) 2016-2020 Henrik Lissner).

[Nord color theme](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord) and
[nord-xresources](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord-xresources) are
licensed under the MIT license (Copyright (c) 2016-present Arctic Ice Studio).

[Tridactyl theme](config/tridactyl/themes/base16-nord.css) is based on Chris
Kempson's (http://chriskempson.com)
[base16-nord](https://github.com/bezmi/base16-tridactyl/blob/092a88c2233c10a1b28cad647b2bf3fd667aaa84/base16-nord.css).

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
